Allow Side Effecting Statement to have Names (#2057)
chipsalliance/firrtl: spec/spec.tex

side-effect-having statements in different modules or with different clocks that trigger
concurrently is undefined.

The stop statement has an optional name attribute which can be used to

> attach meta data to the statement. The name is part of the module level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attach metadata to the statement. The name is part of the module level
```

For information about execution ordering of clocked statements with observable environmental side
effects, see section \ref{stop_stmt}.

The printf statement has an optional name attribute which can be used to

> attach meta data to the statement. The name is part of the module level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attach metadata to the statement. The name is part of the module level
```

For information about execution ordering of clocked statements with observable environmental side
effects, see section \ref{stop_stmt}.

Any verification statement has an optional name attribute which can be used to

> attach meta data to the statement. The name is part of the module level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attach metadata to the statement. The name is part of the module level
```

Just nits.
